Good morning
today we are talking about romance languages
phone beeps...
any news you wanna share
8  hours of landing but there are still no signs of first contact
the objects measure atleast 1500 feet tall
mumma whats going to happen ?
mom: I don't know
more objects like this have landed around the world.
knock knock
dr. bags
you are on the top
everyone's list comes for translations , i have something to translate for me .
is that ..
not everyone is able to cross the experiences like this
think last time you did something stressfull
does not count
enhance as soon as possible
can you hear me ?
yeah that is happened
what happens now ?
they arrive... Oh my god
company
we are one of 12
we have world with no single leader
its impossible to deal with just one of us
how do we clarify .. they have intentions
i go back in
I guess i have right to tell you that you are putting yourself on risk.
I know that's proper introduction
I feel like everything when happens comes down to two of us.
i know what it is
what is it ?
offer weapon
I don't need an interpretor to know what does this mean
we don't know if they understand the difference between a weapon and tool
trying to just threaten to destroy their shell
whatever they do ... France and Korea will follow
we are facing global war
we need to talk to the other sides
and work together for once
we have 15 hours before this all goes to hell
are you dreaming in your language ?
i know why they are here
what the hell is she doing ?
do you trust me ?